How to setup Forgejo

Forgo is a git repository tool that is completely open source and
contains powerful CI/CD capabilities in the form of 'actions' defined in
'workflow' files.
Those are located in the .forgejo/workflows directory.

Why Forgejo? Well, because it is completely open source and currently has
the best chance that time invested is not wasted because features become
closed or behind a paywall.

Currently a lot of work is being done to ease the compilation and packaging
of LibrePlan.

First result was a simple workflow to build the current LibrePlan repo.

Next step was creating a workflow that would generate the NEWS.rst file
that is needed during packaging. At first that needed user input in the
form of strings describing version numbering (old and new), but I realised
it would be much easier if I store those in repository environment
variables because they do not change very often.

So, the repository needs the following environment variables:

     full_last_release:
        description: 'What was the full name of the last release'
        default: "libreplan-"
        required: true
      short_last_release:
        description: 'What was the short name of the last release'
        default: "1.4.1"
        required: true
      full_new_release:
        description: 'What is the full name of the new release'
        default: "libreplan-1.5.0"
        required: true
      short_new_release:
        description: 'What is the short name of the new release'
        default: "1.5.0"
        required: true
      patch_release:
        description: 'What is patch release number to use for packaging'
        default: "1"
        required: true

You can define those if you go to your repository settings page, 
and under 'actions' create them in the 'variables' section.

If you also want to puch releases from workflows to the releases section of the repo, 
you have to first create an api key in your user profile that has write rights to the repository 
as well as read rights to users. After that, copy the api key to the secrets section of the repo
(repo settings -> actions -> secrets).

One might think that it would be possible to generate the short name from the long name,
but it is very likely the release name is going to change.
